Identity assertions (#190)
ngarbezza/testy: README.md

    * Passing a method name that `actual` object understands: `isEqualTo(expected, 'myEqMessage')` or `areEqual(actual, expected, 'myEqMessage')`
    * By default, if `actual` has an `equals` method it will be used.
    * If we compare `undefined` with `undefined` using `isEqualTo()`, it will make the test fail. For explicit check for `undefined`, use the `isUndefined()`/`isNotUndefined()` assertions documented above. 
* Identity assertions:
  * `assert.that(actual).isIdenticalTo(expected)` or `assert.areIdentical(actual, expected)`.
  * `assert.that(actual).isNotIdenticalTo(expected)` or `assert.areNotIdentical(actual, expected)`

>   * Indentity assertions check if two references point to the same object using the '===' operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Identity assertions check if two references point to the same object using the `===` operator.
```

small typo :grin:

>   * Indentity assertions check if two references point to the same object using the '===' operator.

Reviewer: there's also a Spanish README that would be nice to keep updated :wink:
